approx. - approximately

appt. - appointment

apt. - apartment

A.S.A.P. - as soon as possible

B.Y.O.B. - bring your own bottle, used for parties where guests are expected to bring their own drinks or restaurants that don't sell alcohol.

c/o - care of, used when sending mail to someone who's not at their usual address

dept. - department

D.I.Y. - Do it yourself

est. - established

E.T.A. - estimated time of arrival

min. - minute or minimum

misc. - miscellaneous

Mr. - Mister

Mrs. - Mistress (pronounced Missus)

no. - number

R.S.V.P. - Répondez, s'il vous plait, this initialism comes from the French for "please reply." It's used on invitations to parties and events and is intended (as it says) to be responded to with a "yes, we will attend," or "no, we will not."

tel. - telephone

temp. - temperature or temporary

vet. - veteran or veterinarian

vs. - versus

tsp or t - teaspoon/teaspoons

tbs, tbsp or T - tablespoon/tablespoons

c - cup/cups

gal - gallon

lb - pound/pounds

pt - pint

qt - quart

Ave. - Avenue

Blvd. - Boulevard

Cyn. - Canyon

Dr. - Drive

Ln. - Lane

Rd. - Road

St. - Street

E - east

N - north

NE - northeast

NW - northwest

S - south

SE - southeast

SW - southwest

W - west

BA - Bachelor of Arts

BS - Bachelor of Science

MA - Master of Arts

M.PHIL or MPHIL - Master of Philosophy

JD - Juris Doctor

DC - Doctor of Chiropractic

PA - Personal Assistant

MD - Managing Director

VP - Vice President

SVP - Senior Vice President

EVP - Executive Vice President

CMO - Chief Marketing Officer

CFO - Chief Financial Officer

CEO - Chief Executive Officer

ACE - a cool experience

AD - awesome dude

AFAIK - as far as I know

AFK - away from keyboard

ANI - age not important

BRB - be right back

CUL - see you later

CWYL - chat with you later

IIRC - if I recall/remember correctly

IQ - ignorance quotient

LOL - laugh out loud

NP - no problem

ROFL - rolling on the floor laughing

TY - thank you

WC - wrong conversation

AAA - The Agricultural Adjustment Act. This act was created in 1933 to compensate farmers for not planting crops as a way to increase the demand for certain agricultural products and raise prices. By 1936, the Supreme Court ruled that the act was to be voided.

CCC - The Civilian Conservation Corps. Single men between 18-25 were selected to form this corps, which would work on conserving wildlife and national preservation areas, in addition to planting trees and fighting erosion.

CWA - The Civil Works Administration. Four million people were employed by the CWA to work in renovation and construction jobs such as building repair, road building, and other infrastructural work.

FDIC - The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Since banks were widely distrusted after the many bank failures during the depression, this alphabet agency was created to encourage public confidence in banks again by insuring customers against losses of up to $5,000 if the bank happened to fail.

FHA - The Federal Housing Administration. This organization was created to help people secure loans to buy houses.

NRA - The National Recovery Administration. In 1933, the NRA was created to attempt to aid deflation and encourage market competition, in order to restore the economy. Unfortunately, the administration did not stimulate industrial production, although investor and consumer confidence were restored.

SSA - The Social Security Administration. The Social Security Act, administered by the Social Security Administration, created a national pension for retired people as well as unemployment insurance and government aid for single mothers, children, and handicapped persons.

